feat: Session state transfer redesign (#821)
awslabs/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: docs/using-the-jdbc-driver/SessionState.md

# Session States

## What is session state

Every connection is associated with a connection session on the server and related session settings like autoCommit flag or transaction isolation level. The following session settings are tracked by AWS JDBC Driver and forms a session state:
- autoCommit (`setAutoCommit`, `getAutoCommit`)
- readOnly (`isReadOnly`, `setReadOnly`)
- transaction isolation level (`setTransactionIsolation`, `getTransactionIsolation`)
- holdability (`setHoldability`, `getHoldability`)
- network timeout (`setNetworkTimeout`, `getNetworkTimeout`)
- catalog (`setCatalog`, `getCatalog`)
- schema (`setSchema`, `getSchema`)
- types mapping (`setTypeMap`, `getTypeMap`)

> Since AWS JDBC Driver can transparently switch physical connection to a server (for instance, during a cluster failover), it's important to re-apply a current session state to a new connection during such switch.   

Reviewer: What does "transparently switch" mean?
```suggestion
Since the AWS JDBC Driver can transparently switch physical connection to a server (for instance, during a cluster failover), it's important to re-apply a current session state to a new connection during such switch.   
```

## Tracking Session States Changes
<div style="center"><img src="../images/session_state_switch_connection.jpg" alt="diagram for the session state transfer"/></div>

> The diagram above shows the process of switching one database connection `A` to a new connection `B`. After connection `A` is established, it's returned to a user application. A user application may use this connection to query data from the database as well as to change some session settings. For example, if user application calls `setReadOnly` on the connection, AWS JDBC Driver intercepts this call and store a new session setting. At the same time, the driver verifies if the original session setting is known or not. If it's necessary, the driver makes an additional `getReadOnly` call and store the result as a pristine value. Later, the driver may need the pristine value to restore connection session state to its original state.   

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The diagram above shows the process of switching one database connection `A` to a new connection `B`. After connection `A` is established, it's returned to the user application. A user application may use this connection to query data from the database as well as to change some session settings. For example, if the user application calls `setReadOnly` on a connection, the AWS JDBC Driver intercepts this call and stores a new session setting for the `readOnly` setting. At the same time, the driver verifies if the original session setting is known or not. If the original setting is not known, the driver will make an additional `getReadOnly` call and store the result as a pristine value in order to save the original session setting. Later, the driver may need the pristine value to restore the connection session state to its original state.
```

> ## Restore to original Session State

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Restore to the Original Session State
```

Before closing a connection, the driver sets pristine values to it. Pristine values are stored in the driver. If pristine value isn't available, it means that there's no changes of such settings made by the user application, and it's safe to assume that this setting is in its original/unchanged state. 

Session state reset could be disabled by using `resetSessionStateOnClose` configuration parameter.

## Transfer Session State to a new Connection

> When the driver needs to switch to a new connection, it opens a new connection and transfer a session state to it. All current values of session state are applied to a new connection. Pristine values for a new connection are also fetched and stored if needed. When a new connection is configured, it replaces the current internal connection.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When the driver needs to switch to a new connection, it opens a new connection and transfers a session state to it. All current session state values are applied to the new connection. Pristine values for a new connection are also fetched and stored if needed. When a new connection is configured, it replaces the current internal connection.
```

> Session transfer could be disabled by using `transferSessionStateOnSwitch` configuration parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Session transfer cab be disabled by using the `transferSessionStateOnSwitch` configuration parameter.
```

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Session transfer can be disabled by using the `transferSessionStateOnSwitch` configuration parameter.
```
